Purge "will" from Admin Guide (#662)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/tshoot-registerclones.adoc

While cloning VMs can save you a lot of time, the duplicated identifying information on the disk can sometimes cause problems.

If you have a client that is already registered, you create a clone of that client, and then try and register the clone, you probably want {productname} to register them as two separate clients.

> However, if the machine ID in both the original client and the clone is the same, {productname} registers both clients as one system, and the existing client data is over-written with that of the clone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if the machine ID in both the original client and the clone is the same, {productname} registers both clients as one system, and the existing client data is overwritten with that of the clone.
```
